# README for Project01 <h1>
# Part 1: User Input <h2>
To incorporate user input, the script asks you what your name is. \
It then prompts you to input some characters, preferably your name. \
Whatever it is that you input, the script will than call you whatever you inputted \
and ask you to choose a number between 1, 2 and 3. \
If you want the script to give you a file type count you enter 1. \
If you want the script to output the lines which contain #todo in the repo, you enter 2. \
If you want to play a game of hangman, enter 3. \ 
\
# Choices <h1>
# Choice 1: Filetype Count <h2>
If you enter 1, it will search through the repository for a count of the \
following file types :Java,Python,HTML,CSS,Haskell, and Bash Script. \
First it echos "number of (current_file_type) files" and then on the same line \
outputs the number of files. \
It does this by using (ls -R (absolute path of CS1XA3 directory)) to list all the \
files in the directory. It then greps that list of files and searches for file \
extensions of type (.html,.py,.hs,etc). Grep also uses a -c flag which counts the \
number of isntances it finds. \
\
# Choice 2: #TODO log <h2>
If you enter 2, it will search through the CS1XA3 repository for files with lines containing #TODO \
The script does this by using grep -Rn which searches through every directory and looks at \
each line of the files. After it finds the lines it will then redirect the output to a file todo.log\
To then view the lines which have been found containing '#TODO' you would read the contents \
of the todo.log file that is in the repo \
\
# Choice 3: Hangman! <h2>
This is the fun part! If you enter 3, you get to play hangman. This is done by running a \
python file which contains a program which is a hangman game. The game will tell you the \
number of letters in the word you are to guess.\
**When you input your character, it must have quotations around it! If you don't the program will crash.** \
If you answer correctly, the empty list of underscores will insert the character where it fits. \
If you answer with the same character twice, it will prompt you to input again and tell you that \
you used the same letter twice. \
If you answer incorrectly, The program will draw a body part of the man, and once you make 6 mistakes\
the man will be drawn, and the program will end and tell you that you lost. \
However, if you guess all the letters correctly, the program will end and tell you that you won.\
The way that the hangman game selects different words is through integration with the bash script. \
In the Project01 folder, is a file words.txt, which contains a selection of words for the hangman game. \
The script creates a var words, which is generated by using the shuf command and selecting a single random \
line from the words.txt file. \
Then to run the python script, it must take a parameter, that parameter is going to be the word that is used \
in the game.\
Since the var words was created, we use the following command "python Hangman.py "$words" " \
This allows us to run the hangman game with a large variety of different words.

